----- FILES DESCRIPTION -----

'simulation.r' is the main program file. This is the one to run. 
'parameters.r' gathers the parameters values (see below).
'Rfunctions.r' gathers the functions called by the main file and written in R (except the plotresults.r and plotequilibrium.r which are in separate files; see below);
'Cfunctions.c' gathers the functions constituting the model and written in C.
'plotresults.r' computes and plot the outputs characterizing the state and evolution of the population .
'plotequilibrium.r' computes and plot the evolutionary equilibrium in the case of static models.
'plotbaselinemodel.r' plots the results for the baseline model. This script is not called by 'simulation.r', it should be run separately. See folder names included in the script to organize the results so that the script works properly. The parameter 'simulnumber' should be set to 1.

----- PARAMETERS AND OUTPUTS : MATCH CODE <-> ARTICLE -----

Some parameters and outputs are not named similarly in the code and the article. The differences are the following. 
'mui' and 'muc' in the code correspond to the parameter 'mu' in the article, for migration from an island and from the mainland respectively. 
'ci' and 'cc' in the code correspond to the parameter 'c' in the article, for migration from an island and from the mainland respectively. 
'Nc' in the code corresponds to 'J' in the article.
'nbi' in the code  corresponds 'n' in the article.
'islarch': if set to 0, it corresponds to an archipelago. If set to 2, it corresponds to the null model 'island archipelago-equivalent' described in the article. The code allows a third option, islarch set to 1, not described in the article, which corresponds to a single island of the size of the archipelago assuming that this single island is circular. In this case, the migration angle allowing to reach the archipelago and the equivalent single island is not the same (whereas it is the same when islarch is set to 2; see details in Appendix 1 of the article). 
'ti' in the code corresponds to 'tstart' in the article (see Appendix 1 of the article). The parameter 'tinter' in the article is not explicitly given in the parameter file but it follows from the value of 'tstart'
'tl' in the code corresponds to 'tlife' in the article

The proportion of multiple-island endemics as computed in the article corresponds to the output endemMIE2 (see plotbaselinemodel.r). The output endemMIE computed in the other scripts correspond to the proportion of multiple-island endemics among all species (this output is not detailed in the article). 
